README.md, before:

# Pecan
Pecan is a bar for macOS.  It was built to be highly configurable and — by default — reports the current workspace, network bandwidth, date, battery percentage and time.

![Screenshot 1](https://github.com/zzzeyez/Pecan/blob/master/screenshots/3.jpg)

![Screenshot 2](https://github.com/zzzeyez/Pecan/blob/master/screenshots/4.jpg)

![Screenshot 3](https://github.com/zzzeyez/Pecan/blob/master/screenshots/2.jpg)

Pecan is also capable of using system colorschemes generated by [Wal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal).

## Instructions

Pecan requires [Übersicht](http://tracesof.net/uebersicht/).  Once Übersicht is installed, you can clone this repository to where your Übersicht bars are placed.

```
git clone https://github.com/zzzeyez/Pecan.git $HOME/Library/Application\ Support/Übersicht/widgets/Pecan
```

If Übersicht is running, then the bar should appear.

## Optional features

#### Network bandwidth
Current download and upload speeds may be shown in the 2nd-to-left element via Ifstat.  If Ifstat is not found, then the current wifi network will be displayed instead.  To install Ifstat via Homebrew:

```
brew install ifstat
```

#### Workspaces
Current workspace ID can be shown on the left element if [ChunkWM](https://github.com/koekeishiya/chunkwm) is installed, otherwise an Apple symbol will be shown instead.  To install ChunkWM:

```
brew tap crisidev/homebrew-chunkwm
brew install chunkwm
````

#### Wal
Pecan can pull a color palette generated by Wal using Sassc.  I have included a script, `wal-set`, that will perform this.

To install Sassc:
```
brew install sassc
```

And then you must change the username at the top of `scss/style.scss` to that of your own:
```
nvim ~/Library/Application\ Support/Übersicht/widgets/Pecan/scss/style.scss
```

Now you can run the script to use Wal's palettes:
```
bash ~/Library/Application\ Support/Übersicht/widgets/Pecan/wal-set
```

## Customization
Because Pecan is styled using CSS3 variables, the top lines of `style.css` can easily be editted to change properties like opacity, alignment, padding, colors and more.  If you are using this bar with Wal, then you should be editting `scss/style.scss` instead.

Commit message:

Add files via upload
Refresh less often in order to use less energy

README.md, after:

# Pecan
Pecan is a bar for macOS.  It was built to be highly configurable and — by default — reports the current ChunkWM workspace, network bandwidth, date, battery percentage and time.

![Screenshot 1](https://github.com/zzzeyez/Pecan/blob/master/screenshots/3.png)

![Screenshot 2](https://github.com/zzzeyez/Pecan/blob/master/screenshots/4.png)

![Screenshot 3](https://github.com/zzzeyez/Pecan/blob/master/screenshots/2.png)

Because Pecan is styled using CSS3 variables, the top lines of style.css can easily be editted to change properties like opacity, alignment, padding, colors and more.

Pecan is also capable of using system colorschemes generated by Dylan Arap's [Wal](https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal).

## Instructions

Pecan has the following dependencies: Übersicht, Ifstat and [ChunkWM](https://github.com/koekeishiya/chunkwm).

Übersicht can be found [here](http://tracesof.net/uebersicht/).

To install Ifstat via Homebrew:

```
brew install ifstat
```

And to install [ChunkWM](https://github.com/koekeishiya/chunkwm):

```
brew tap crisidev/homebrew-chunkwm
brew install chunkwm
````

Now that the dependencies are installed you can clone this repository to where your Übersicht bars are placed.

```
git clone https://github.com/zzzeyez/Pecan.git $HOME/Library/Application\ Support/Übersicht/widgets/
```

If Übersicht is running, then the bar should be running!  To customize to your liking, you can edit the top lines of the included stylesheet.

```
nvim $HOME/Library/Application\ Support/Übersicht/widgets/Pecan/style.css
```
